Only determine success of request based on statuscode when the Activity Status is Unset (#43594)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/monitor/Azure.Monitor.OpenTelemetry.Exporter/CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking Changes

### Bugs Fixed

> * The success or failure of an HTTP request is only determined by the statuscode when the Activity Status is Unset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The success or failure of an incoming HTTP request is now determined by the status code only when the Activity Status is `Unset`
```
